Updates to snapshots in CNV (#95466)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-verifying-online-snapshot-creation-with-snapshot-indications.adoc

. Verify the status of your online VM snapshot by viewing the values of the `status.indications` parameter:
* `Online` indicates that the VM was running during online snapshot creation.

> * `GuestAgent` indicates the QEMU guest agent was active and successfully froze (quiesced) the guest filesystem for the online snapshot. This delivers an application-consistent snapshot, ensuring high data integrity as if applications gracefully shut down before the snapshot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `GuestAgent` indicates that the QEMU guest agent was active and successfully quiesced the guest file system for the online snapshot. This creates an application-consistent snapshot, which ensures high data integrity, as if applications gracefully shut down before the snapshot creation.
```

> * `NoGuestAgent` indicates the QEMU guest agent was not installed, or not ready to quiesce the filesystem during the online snapshot. This results in a crash-consistent snapshot, capturing the VM's state like an abrupt power-off. There's no guarantee of application consistency, risking data issues for critical apps. Installing and running the guest agent, or retrying the snapshot, is highly recommended for better reliability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `NoGuestAgent` indicates that the QEMU guest agent was not installed, or not ready to quiesce the file system during the online snapshot. This results in a crash-consistent snapshot, which captures the VM's state like an abrupt power-off. As a result, application consistency is not guaranteed, which causes a risk of data issues for critical applications. For higher reliability, install and run the guest agent, or retry the snapshot.
```

> * `QuiesceFailed` indicates an attempt to freeze the filesystem failed during the online snapshot process. Even though the snapshot completed, it's not necessarily application-consistent. Retrying the snapshot is generally advisable to achieve proper consistency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `QuiesceFailed` indicates that an attempt to quiesce the file system failed during the online snapshot process. This means that the snapshot was created, but it is not necessarily application-consistent. To achieve proper consistency, retry the snapshot.
```
